Link common labels to labels-annotations-taints.md (#27104)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/reference/labels-annotations-taints.md

If a Node is in a cloud provider specified shutdown state, the Node gets tainted accordingly with `node.cloudprovider.kubernetes.io/shutdown` and the taint effect of `NoSchedule`.

> ## [Common labels](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/common-labels/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Common labels

There are some [common labels](/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/common-labels/) ... blah blah
```
